# What is it?
srt2cue is... is a converter from srt to cue file format :)

In fact, it was developed to convert .srt files generated by [DSDPlus utility](https://www.dsdplus.com/) to be able to split recorded wav/mp3 file to separate parts.

DSDPlus is a tool for decoding digital radio protocols such as P25 P1, DMR, NXDN and more with an SDR such as the RTL-SDR. It supports writing captured and decoded audio to wav or mp3, by default all the transmissions are recorded to one big file and DSDPlus generates a .srt-file with the list of transmissions and their timecodes.

So don't be surprised if srt2cue will not work with some other .srt-files, however, I can't imagine any other usecase when you may need it.

srt2cue originally is a quick-and-dirty solution, so I also cannot guarantee that it will generate a 100% correct CUE file. However, I tested it with mp3splt and it works well.

# How to build it?
It's written in Go, so 
```
git clone && go build
```
Nothing special.

# How to use it?
It's easy.

Command line arguments are:

```
  -i string
    	Input file name/path
  -o string
    	Output file name/path
  -s int
    	Time shift for the moment of splitting tracks in CUE frames (0-75)
  -t int
    	Time gap between pieces to split them to separate tracks (default 5)
```
if you don't specify output file, srt2cue will use the same name, but with ".cue" extension.

-s parameter is designed to somehow overcome the fact, that DSDPlus is very inprecise and operates only with seconds in its .srt files. By adding some shift (75 frames is nearly equal to 1 second) sometimes you can achieve better results, however, it all depends on radio transmission characteristics.


Example:
```
~/$ ./srt2cue -i test.srt -s 15
*** srt2cue v1.0
*** https://github.com/uprt/srt2cue
2021/09/21 19:06:00 No output file specified, will save output to test.cue
2021/09/21 19:06:00 Opened test.srt
2021/09/21 19:06:00 Loaded and parsed 1192 segments
2021/09/21 19:06:00 Reduced data to 139 tracks
2021/09/21 19:06:00 Saved 139 tracks to test.cue
```
after that you can use it with mp3splt:
```
mp3splt -D -c test.cue test.mp3
```


# Questions, issues, improvements?
Raise an "Issue' on Github or send me a pull request.
